it's spring time which means it's time
to make some changes around the house
where better to get you started then
bass at home furnishings this is monique
she's the owner of best home furnishings
but also a design specialist this stores
a lot more than just your average
furniture store it is we try to make it
so much more inviting and fun for
customers to come in and really get some
good ideas about how to change their
lifestyle in the room that they're
trying to work on well I love what
you're all about especially the
customized process but let's start with
some of the standard newer arrivals are
never like this right here because it is
springtime time the point house so this
collection here is called the Grayson is
absolutely beautiful lots of details to
the sofa and the nice thing is it's not
so big so if any of you are out there
saying I don't want a 96 inch sofa
anymore they're all coming back into a
more decent size so cool let's see some
more this is a great collection one of
the things that we really pay attention
to is we want customers to be able to
make it their own when you pick a fabric
you need to really think about how are
you gonna use it who's gonna use it with
you you have pets you have kids you know
all that stuff really helps you
determine what's a good fabric that's
going to last as long as I need it to
last and how I'm going to use it we want
to know you we want to know your
lifestyle we want to know how you're
going to use it so we can better suggest
to you what's perfect so John when you
first come into the store the best thing
to do is to test drive you gotta sit in
them see what's comfortable don't pay
attention to the fabrics don't pay
attention to the length just sit and
figure out what's the most comfortable
then we come into the design center and
we actually have you choose what length
you want what arm style what back so you
get to make sure that is the style of
bassett conducive to what you're looking
for does it fit within what your thought
process is for the room from there then
we actually set up the design call will
go out to your home and
here is actually working on a room he
went out to the customer's home and so
he's putting together the living room
for them to make sure they get the
seating they want Oni where is their TV
how are they going to watch it making
sure that there's places for everyone to
sit and that everybody is comfortable
and it's that cozy walk in me sit in me
room so how long does it take to get
this custom furniture once you've
ordered it well you know a lot of people
think it's going to take 12 14 6 months
to get furniture but not at bassett we
are 30 days Wow so from the start of
your order you can acknowledge all the
way through and then within 30 days it's
ready in my store for delivery see your
service we try
is what an amazing story this is not
your average for interesting no we're
try not to me how do we find it well you
know it's right across from washington
square mall so naughty not hard to get
to at all and you can always visit us
online at bassett furniture com where
you can actually kind of play around
with all of our different furniture
pieces pick your own fabrics play around
with it bring us in some ideas and we
can get started like so much thank you